                                                                                  ASSINGMENT CONDITION AND LOOPS


solution 1:  Conditional statements control behavior in JavaScript and determine whether or not pieces of code can run.

There are multiple different types of conditionals in JavaScript including:

1. “If” statements: where if a condition is true it is used to specify execution for a block of code.
2. “Else” statements: where if the same condition is false it specifies the execution for a block of code.
3. “Else if” statements: this specifies a new test if the first condition is false.

                                                                                                  If Statement Example
As the most common type of conditional, the if statement only runs if the condition enclosed in parentheses () is truthy.

Here’s what’s happening in the example above:

(i) The keyword if tells JavaScript to start the conditional statement.
(ii) (10 > 5) is the condition to test, which in this case is true — 10 is greater than 5.
(iii) The part contained inside curly braces {} is the block of code to run.
(iv) Because the condition passes, the variable outcome is assigned the value "if block".

                                                                                                Else Statement Example
You can extend an if statement with an else statement, which adds another block to run when the if conditional doesn’t pass.


                                                                                              Else If Statement Example
You can also extend an if statement with an else if statement, which adds another conditional with its own block.
(i) You can use multiple if else conditionals, but note that only the first else if block runs. JavaScript skips any remaining conditionals after it runs the first one that passes.
(ii) An else if statement doesn’t need a following else statement to work. If none of the if or else if conditions pass, then JavaScript moves forward and doesn’t run any of the conditional blocks of code..


SOLUTION 2: IN FOLDER......

SOLUTION 3:  Loops are a programming element that repeat a portion of code a set number of times until the desired process is complete.Repetitive tasks are common in programming, and loops are essential to save time and minimize errors.
                      (i)A for loop is a loop that runs for a preset number of times.
                     (ii)A while loop is a loop that is repeated as long as an expression is true. An expression is 
                          statement that has a value.

SOLUTION 4: IN FOLDER.....

SOLUTION 5: IN FOLDER......


